Release v0.4.0 (#295)
PEtab-dev/libpetab-python: CHANGELOG.md

* Introduce petab.v1 package by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/282
* Separate v1 and v2 tests by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/284
* Add petab.v2.Problem by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/285
* PEtab v1 to v2 converter by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/281
* Fix imports related to v1 subpackage by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/293

**Validation**
Validation will become increasingly atomic and OOP, to support extension-specific validation in PEtab v2.

* Validator: check for positive bounds for log-scaled parameter by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/278
* Validator: check prior parameters by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/279
* Fix validation for remote files by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/287
* New validation API by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/288

**Packaging and CI**
* setup.py -> pyproject.toml by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/275

> * Ruff pyupgrade: python3.10 by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/276

Reviewer: Maybe not so relevant to consumers?

**Documentation**
* Doc: fix formatting / missing type annotations by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/292
* Doc: versioning and deprecation policy by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/277

**Other changes**
* Simplify yaml schema by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/264
* Handle numpy types in sympify_petab by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/294
* New `get_path_prefix` method to get the base path for relative paths in PEtab problem YAML by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/280

**New Contributors**

> * @dependabot made their first contribution in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/267

Reviewer: :sweat_smile:

* Deprecate petablint with individual tables by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/274
* Introduce petab.v1 package by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/282
* Separate v1 and v2 tests by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/284
* Add petab.v2.Problem by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/285
* PEtab v1 to v2 converter by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/281
* Fix imports related to v1 subpackage by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/293

**Validation**

Validation will become increasingly atomic and OOP, to support extension-specific validation in PEtab v2.

* Validator: check for positive bounds for log-scaled parameter by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/278
* Validator: check prior parameters by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/279
* Fix validation for remote files by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/287
* New validation API by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/288

> **Packaging and CI**
> 
> * setup.py -> pyproject.toml by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/275
> * Ruff pyupgrade: python3.10 by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/276

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Documentation**

> * Doc: fix formatting / missing type annotations by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/292
> * Doc: versioning and deprecation policy by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/277

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed formatting / missing type annotations by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/292
* Added versioning and deprecation policy by @dweindl in https://github.com/PEtab-dev/libpetab-python/pull/277
```
